---
title: Building SunnyGolovine.com - Part 1
description: I recently rebuilt my personal website. In this part I'll talk
  about some of the decisions I made.
date: Feb 07, 2021
---

Earlier this year I had decided to rebuild my personal website. Over the years
I've added more and more to my exising site, from a blog to an online resume.
The way I added these modules was to create a new React project, publish it to
Netlify, and point a subdomain under `glvn.co` to the new project.

This worked well for a time but keeping up with all the projects and keeping
them up to date was becoming more and more of a chore. So about 2 weeks ago I
decided to rebuild all of these various projects into one site.

## Decision Time

When I set out to build the site, my initial plan was to use a new technology in
my stack that I've not previously used. Usually my decisions fall into two
categories when starting new projects, either try out a new technology or stick
with tried and true tech that's worked for projects in the past.

For this project I decided to try something new, and that new thing was
[snowpack](https://snowpack.dev). My initial impressions of snowpack were very
postive, here's a build tool that is _seriously fast_ and not a nightmare to
configure like Webpack. However as time went on I started to encounter issues.
My dealbreaker issue though was spotty support for babel aliases. I had setup
babel aliases like `~/`, `@media` and `@data`. These worked for me before in the
past when using Webpack so I thought nothing of bringing them in. For some
reason though it just refused to work.

This wasn't a huge issue on it's own, but this also wasn't the first issue I had
configuring Snowpack and I made the decision to move to something more battle
tested: NextJS. It's been a while since I had used NextJS for a project but I
knew thier lastest release included bunch of new features so I wanted to give
them a go.

For the UI I went with TailwindCSS. Last year I fell in love with TailwindCSS
after using it on a project and have since incorporated it into more and more
projects that I work on. TailwindCSS is great because I'm not a designer and the
UI's I'm able to crank out with TailwindCSS look top notch without the downside
of all looking the same (something you encounter if you use Bootstrap).

When it came to the blog I decided to keep things simple and copy the example
the NextJS devs provide in their
[blog starter](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter).
And used
[tailwindCSS typography](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-typography)
to style the content generated by remark.

## What's Next.

So far I've only thought of things for the initial build, after which I will
likely be retrofitting the site with more upgrades. In Part 2 I will talk about
building the site and some of the issues I had to overcome in the process.
